well fighting between Israeli forces and
Palestinian Fighters is ongoing in tlm
in the occupied West Bank least five
Palestinians have been killed in an
Israeli drone strike in the area Israeli
forces stormed an emergency department
at Tabit Tabit Hospital in taram during
a
raid meanwhile a 30-year-old Palestinian
man has been killed by Israeli forces
during further series of raids in the
occupied West Bank it happened in the
village of aun which is east of cilia
let's go to nid Ibrahim who's live for
us in rala so are these raids still
ongoing the to Karim raid has ended and
the Palestinian sources in the refugee
camp are telling us that at least five
Palestinians have been killed in
addition to five who have been wounded
we've seen videos of the Israeli forces
storming inside ambulances near the
hospitals in the refugee camp they held
the people who were injured inside the
ambulance car for a while then they've
arrested and injured Palestinian who is
believed to have been wanted by the
Israeli forces we know that there are
several fighters in the tarim refugee
camp who have been fighting the Israeli
forces militarily usually when they
enter the refugee camp and we've seen
Israel intensify its raids to the camp
we've been also seeing the Intensive use
of drone St
we've been seeing bulldozing of uh uh
roads as well as cutting the networks of
electricity and water before but today
it seems to be more of the same of that
situation we're also talking about other
raids that are ongoing in adhes a
refugee camp near Bethlehem and we are
still uh counting on our sources to give
us the latest toll of those Palestinians
arrested in these raids we're talking
today roughly about 30 Palestinians who
have been arrested and that the total of
Palestinians that the Israeli forces
have detained since the 7th of October
to more than 3,000 so Palestinians while
they're looking at the uh hostage
releases and the Prisoner uh deals
they're also looking at those
Palestinians who are still getting
detained by the day thank you for that
nid ibim there for us in
romala